fix(cli): reset `NODE_ENV` to ensure install command run in dev mode (#12338)
withastro/astro: .changeset/itchy-flowers-report.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> fix(cli): reset NODE_ENV to ensure install command run in dev mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resets `NODE_ENV` to ensure install command run in dev mode
```
